Allow dot, solidus, percent and colon characters in profile names (#1067)
awslabs/smithy-typescript: .changeset/shiny-beans-wink.md

---
"@smithy/shared-ini-file-loader": patch
---

> Parse profile name with invalid '.' and '/' characters

Author: ```suggestion
Allow dot, solidus, percent and colon characters in profile names
```

> Parse profile name with invalid '.' and './' characters

Author: nit
```suggestion
Parse profile name with invalid '.' and '/' characters
```
